[Music]
he's a u.s
ranger
highly decorated
did a little hell raising when he was a
kid but nothing serious
he's defending his wife
[Music]
gotten a drunken brawl
and he killed a guy could happen to you
or me
after serving the last of his sentence
cameron poe
is taking the first plane home to his
wife
and daughter today's flight is a special
one we're populating louisiana's felton
penitentiary
these guys are the worst of the worst i
see a lot of celebrities among us i see
eleven primetime live three regions from
kathy lee's and a genuine 2020 interview
e
aren't you looking at punk nothing else
just mine your cage
but one wrong flight stewardess what's
the end flight movie today
can ruin your whole day
the issue here is how the plane is
brought down shoot it down
there innocent people up there he's got
a little girl to come home too he's been
waiting for this day for eight years
what are you gonna do what do you think
i'm going down
i'm gonna save the day this summer
check your weapons take your seat
isn't that your car and say your prayers
[Music]
from jerry bruckheimer the producer of
the rock
nicholas cage john cusack john malkovich
where are they going to land this thing
how do you feel about the blackjack
tables
on june 6th
[Music]
buckle up
conair directed by simon west
thank you and have a pleasant flight